Well, the main thing to realize is that you're not the first person doing
your job. So for me, as a computer scientists and specifically a
cyber security analyst, I have toe, make sure that there's I need to
find the list of things that are required for me. Um, for me specifically,
there's artificial intelligence. There's a graphics. There's
cryptography. Um, there's penetration testing their these certificates
that I need toe accomplish network plus, um, security. Plus, um,
that I need to make sure that I have that list laid out for myself,
and then I'm checking each of those green boxes. It's gonna vary depending
on your job, but make sure that you have, ah, the list that
you want and that the at the end of the list, you have those skills
that it takes to get the job that you want